[stomping]
[whooshing]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MOM'S BIRTHDAY
[Naoko screams]
[Dad] What is it, Naoko?
[Naoko] It's Mom's birthday today!
Oh, is it really?
Dad, don't tell me
you haven't done anything for her!
I completely forgot.
Are you kidding me?
[yelling] What are we going to do?
We're doomed!
Oh, come on.
It's just a birthday. No need to panic--
"Just a birthday"?
Every year, Mom hopes we'll throw
a surprise party for her.
-She does?
-Argh.
[Naoko] Remember when you forgot
her birthday before?
She made you meals expressing
how angry she was for a month!
[Dad] She did?
[Naoko] And two years ago, she used
balls shaped like you
for her batting practice.
[Dad] Now that you mention it...
If you tell her
you forgot again this year...
[buzzing]
[screams]
Dad, you answer it!
[stutters] Kero, kero, kero, kero!
It's your phone, Naoko!
[yelps] Wah! Wah! Wah!
[gasps] H-Hello?
-[Mom from phone] Naoko?
-Yes?
Listen,
the neighborhood samba lesson
is running a bit late.
I'll be home around six o'clock.
[Naoko gasps] Okay, got it! Take your time
and dance your heart out!
[phone beeps]
We have two hours and 15 minutes
before Mom gets home.
Let's do what we can until then.
[Dad] "Do what we can"?
You decorate the house
and prepare the food.
I'll go buy her a present!
We're going to pretend we've been planning
-a surprise party all along!
-[Dad and Naoko cheer]
-I'm on it! Kero?
-[Naoko] Then, cough it up.
I'm going to get Mom's present,
so I need some money.
Uh, yes, um... Here.
[Naoko] What?
That's not enough to get anything.
Sorry, but payday hasn't come yet,
so I don't have much... [sighs]
It has to be inexpensive but gorgeous
and something Mom would like.
Come on, check it out!
Oh, a yard sale.
We're raising money to conquer Earth.
Our brother won't get serious
about invading Earth,
so we decided to take matters
into our own hands.
Please buy something, anything.
[Naoko] Um, okay...
[magical clink]
This is pretty!
It's soft and feels so good!
What is it?
-That's poop from a squid-ink alien.
-Eeeuw!
[Naoko] Volumes 7, 11, and 21.
An incomplete set of manga.
I bought two of each of these by mistake.
-Do you want them?
-No, thanks.
If you're trying to raise money
to conquer Earth,
you should sell better stuff.
[gasps]
[Naoko] This is cute!
Mom might like this.
How much for this purse?
-That's not a purse.
-Huh?
It's a bag for squid-ink alien poop.
A poop bag?
Argh! Then again, ignorance is bliss.
Plus, I don't have time,
so this will have to do.
How much is it?
[Lemon] Six million,
eight hundred thousand.
-[Naoko] Er...
-[Lemon] In space dollars.
Space dollars?
How much is that in Earth money?
Six hundred and eighty yen.
[moans]
[Naoko] I don't have enough.
Hey, can you give me a discount?
That's my price,
and not a single yen less!
Pretty please? I'll do anything!
Anything?
Then will you conquer Earth for us?
That I can't do.
But I'd be happy to do anything else!
Okay, do something funny
that will make us laugh.
-Then I'll give you a discount.
-Um...
I, Naoko Watanabe, will do
an impersonation of...
Bibilian the alien!
[laughs like Bibilian] How are you today?
I am Bibilian the alien.
-[laughs]
-[Lemon gasps]
[Drop] That's not like him,
and it's not funny!
[Lemon] Are you making fun
of our big brother?
You can get through this, Naoko.
It's all to get Mom a present.
I feel kind of sorry for her.
Let's give her a 180-yen discount.
No way! Our brother's crush on Naoko
-is the very reason we've been
-[Bibilian] Naoko!
struggling to conquer Earth!
It's been a royal pain.
But I'd rather die than do
such an embarrassing impression.
[Lemon] Fine.
Really? You'll give me a deal?
I'll give you a discount
if you sell everything here.
-[Naoko] Really?
-Yeah, sure.
[Naoko] Okay, I'll sell it all!
Isn't that impossible?
No one's going to buy all this.
Earthlings should suffer a little, too.
Come on, let's go watch TV.
Hello there! Welcome!
[sighs]
I better hurry. Mom will be home soon!
[laughs]
How are you today?
I am Bibilian the alien. [laughs]
Actually, my impersonation
was pretty spot on.
Naoko, what might you be doing today?
Oh, you're having a sale?
Wow, what great stuff.
You think?
[kids talking from TV]
[Bibilian] I'm home.
Welcome back.
I bought you some gifts
for always putting up with me.
-Really?
-Hooray!
[Bibilian] This is for Drop.
[Drop] Volumes 7, 11, and 21.
I already have these.
-And for Lemon, squid-ink alien poop.
-[gasps]
I'm afraid to ask,
but where did you get these?
At Naoko's store in front of our house.
I bought everything she was selling.
[laughs]
[Lemon] Idiot.
I'm home!
[gasps]
What's this?
Naoko, welcome home.
[Naoko] Where's the food?
I tried to make a stew, but...
[groans]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[grunting]
[yelps]
[groaning]
I gave up.
Seriously?
The water is perfect.
Why don't we have frog soup for dinner?
Just kidding. [laughs]
-Dad, you fool! [roars]
-[screams] Kero!
It's Mom's birthday today!
I wanted to make her happy
by throwing a surprise party!
[roaring]
Ouch! Hot, hot!
[Mom screams]
[gasps]
[Dad] Happy birthday!
[Naoko] Happy birthday.
I'm sorry I destroyed the house.
It's not Naoko's fault.
It's mine. I'm such a hopeless man--
I mean, frog...
-[Mom laughs]
-[Dad and Naoko gasps]
What a surprise party!
Who'd have thought our house
would blow up!
That was a total surprise! [laughs]
[all laughing]
-Here's your present.
-Huh?
Well, it was...
Wow! What a lovely hair ornament. [scoffs]
Honey, we're having frog soup for dinner.
[Mom] That sounds good.
Thank you, Naoko, sweetheart.
-[Naoko] No way!
-[Dad and Mom laugh]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪